DDS-1172 DDS-1362 [Toast Notification] [Inline Notification] Add New Components (#119)
dsv-rp/DDS: .changeset/beige-sheep-smell.md

---
"@daikin-oss/design-system-web-components": patch
---

> **BREAKING CHANGE** Notification: The notification component has been deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**BREAKING CHANGE** Notification: The notification component has been removed and split into inline notification and toast notification.
```
